Miss	Pettigrew	pushed	open	the	door	of	the	employment	agency	and	went	in	as	the	clock	struck	a quarter	past	nine.	She	had,	as	usual,	very	little	hope,	but	today	the	Principal	greeted	her	with	a	more cheerful	smile. “Ah!	Miss	Pettigrew.	I	think	we	have	something	for	you	today.	Two	came	in	when	I	had	left	last	night.	Now let	me	see.	Ah	yes!	Mrs.	Hilary,	maid.	Miss	LaFosse,	nursery	governess.	Hmn!	You’d	have	thought	it	was the	other	way	round.	But	there!	I	expect	she’s	an	aunt	with	an	adopted	orphan	niece,	or	something.” She	gave	Miss	Pettigrew	particulars. “There	you	are	then.	Miss	LaFosse,	5,	Onslow	Mansions.	The	appointment	is	for	ten	sharp	this	morning. You’ll	make	it	nicely.” “Oh	thank	you,”	Miss	Pettigrew	said	weakly,	nearly	fainting	with	relief.	She	clutched	the	card	of particulars	firmly	in	her	hand.	“I’d	nearly	given	up	hope.	Not	many	of	my	kind	of	post	these	days.” “Not	many,”	agreed	Miss	Holt,	and,	as	the	door	closed	behind	Miss	Pettigrew,	“I	hope	that’s	the	last	I	see of	her,”	thought	Miss	Holt. Outside	on	the	pavement	Miss	Pettigrew	shivered	slightly.	It	was	a	cold,	grey,	foggy	November	day	with	a drizzle	of	rain	in	the	air.	Her	coat,	of	a	nondescript,	ugly	brown,	was	not	very	thick.	It	was	five	years	old. London	traffic	roared	about	her.	Pedestrians	hastened	to	reach	their	destinations	and	get	out	of	the depressing	atmosphere	as	quickly	as	possible.	Miss	Pettigrew	joined	the	throng,	a	middle-aged,	rather angular	lady,	of	medium	height,	thin	through	lack	of	good	food,	with	a	timid,	defeated	expression	and terror	quite	discernible	in	her	eyes,	if	any	one	cared	to	look.	But	there	was	no	personal	friend	or	relation in	the	whole	world	who	knew	or	cared	whether	Miss	Pettigrew	was	alive	or	dead. Miss	Pettigrew	went	to	the	bus-stop	to	await	a	bus.	She	could	not	afford	the	fare,	but	she	could	still	less afford	to	lose	a	possible	situation	by	being	late.	The	bus	deposited	her	about	five	minutes’	walk	from Onslow	Mansions,	and	at	seven	minutes	to	ten	precisely	she	was	outside	her	destination. It	was	a	very	exclusive,	very	opulent,	very	intimidating	block	of	flats.	Miss	Pettigrew	was	conscious	of	her shabby	clothes,	her	faded	gentility,	her	courage	lost	through	weeks	of	facing	the	workhouse.	She	stood	a moment.	She	prayed	silently.	“Oh	Lord!	If	I’ve	ever	doubted	your	benevolence	in	the	past,	forgive	me	and help	me	now.”	She	added	a	rider	to	her	prayer,	with	the	first	candid	confession	she	had	ever	made	to	her conscious	mind.	“It’s	my	last	chance.	You	know	it.	I	know	it.”
